jungle beats holla at me you know a lot
of girls say a lot of things to me this
young money jay rock star I'm in this
Vista my eyes white they say i'm all
hyped miss me if they blink twice if
your hair pussy right on the fuck y'all
night the rock star young beetle tell
them goodnight kiss that i'm on my lover
my bummer that last face come on bills
up and benihanas ice water cash make my
dick larger my sex harder Mickey sweat
sunup yo nigga fuck go bitches from the
city where low Sun and those dickies
beach side where the bar b dash 250 let
her kiss on my neck butter no Nikki
driveway like sin city make a movie with
a star let the light hit you she think
I'm gonna get it when I'm flying the guy
true shutterstock getting down
now
these
yeah and then she's
hey
remember my name
Lewbert are red-bottom cuz she'd a nice
her body stand right mr. if you blink
twice and never compare her to the rest
cuz she's so far she got security with
her I call a lone star YSL fly as hell
with them Prince tips is hit the water
set sail give me prince kisses people
flashing everywhere that we go ice cold
nigga but the train still rocky road ice
cream I'm fucking with them I squeeze
long hair pretty yellow bone lightning
cuz she's exciting I take her clothes
off I kiss it three times and then I
doze off cuz I'm the best whoever did it
and see the best cuz she with me she
think I don't hit it but I'm a flight in
the guy shot is so really down
I'll give a name
shit
rockstar push plays drive it to my jack
way first class yeah and so my chef stay
I'm ahead of you niggas I skipped one
grade on out of the yes with my Louis
che yeah Bubba gucci mane baby has some
lemonade I'm rellahan your drink desert
to play patrol shot straight turn a
nigga to face hot drunk girls say that
let my baby face ah but I'm still
keeping jido captain of a ship and I
never wear speedos I have a ball oh let
me go home broke Turner chauffeur took
her home buddy down my camera phone and
number
sodypop me
she fall in love when every love song
she wanna be in love huh but she really
down man